Fix fetch-incidents occurred field MSGraphMail (#25053)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/ReleaseNotes/1_4_12.md

#### Integrations
##### O365 Outlook Mail (Using Graph API)

> - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** doesn't work properly after moving emails to another folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** did not work properly after moving emails to another folder.
```
